try to contextualize dataframes better in docs (#2239)
JuliaData/DataFrames.jl: docs/src/index.md

in part because the Julia ecosystem tends to distribute functionality across
different libraries more than some other languages.

Because many people coming to DataFrames.jl are just starting to explore the
Julia data ecosystem, below is a list of well-supported libraries that
provide different data science tools, along with a few notes about
what makes each library special, and how well integrated they are with
DataFrames.

- **Statistical Modelling / Machine Learning**
    - [`Statistics`](https://docs.julialang.org/en/v1/stdlib/Statistics/): The Julia standard library comes with a wide range of statistics functionality, but to gain access to these functions you must first load `Statistics`.
    - [`FreqTables.jl`](https://github.com/nalimilan/FreqTables.jl): Create frequency tables / cross-tabulations. Tightly integrated with DataFrames.
    - [`HypothesisTests.jl`](https://juliastats.org/HypothesisTests.jl/stable/): A range of hypothesis testing tools.
    - [`GLM.jl`](https://juliastats.org/GLM.jl/stable/manual/): Tools for estimating linear and generalized linear models. Tightly integrated with DataFrames.

>     - [`statsmodels.jl`](https://juliastats.org/StatsModels.jl/stable/): For converting heterogeneous DataFrames into homogenous matrices for use with linear algebra libraries or machine learning applications that don't directly support DataFrames. Will do things like convert categorical variables into indicators/one-hot-encodings, create interaction terms, etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - [`StatsModels.jl`](https://juliastats.org/StatsModels.jl/stable/): For converting heterogeneous DataFrames into homogenous matrices for use with linear algebra libraries or machine learning applications that don't directly support DataFrames. Will do things like convert categorical variables into indicators/one-hot-encodings, create interaction terms, etc.
```
Should make sure that all of the package names are properly capitalized (many of them aren't, won't comment on all)

    - [`Clustering.jl`](https://juliastats.org/Clustering.jl/stable/): All forms of clustering algorithms and tools for cluster evaluation.
    - [`flux.jl`](https://fluxml.ai/Flux.jl/stable/): A pure-Julia package for building your own machine learning models (a little more low-level than `scikit-learn`). Not well integrated with DataFrames, but easily used using `statsmodels.jl`.
    - [`scikitlearn.jl`](https://scikitlearnjl.readthedocs.io/en/latest/): A Julia wrapper around the full Python `scikit-learn` machine learning library. Not well integrated with DataFrames, but easily used using `statsmodels.jl`.
- **Plotting**
    - [`Plots.jl`](http://docs.juliaplots.org/latest/): Powerful, modern plotting library with a syntax akin to that of `matplotlib` (in Python) or `plot` (in R). [`StatsPlots`](http://docs.juliaplots.org/latest/tutorial/#Using-Plot-Recipes-1) provides `Plots.jl` with recipes for many standard statistical plots.
    - [`gadfly.jl`]: High-level plotting library with a syntax akin to that of `ggplot` (in R).

>     - [`vega-lite.jl`]: High-level plotting library with a syntax akin to that of `altair` (in Python).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - [`VegaLite.jl`](https://github.com/queryverse/VegaLite.jl): High-level plotting library with a grammar of interactive graphics interface.
```
While altair uses the same underlying JavaScript library, the syntax is very different.

- **Data Wrangling**:
    - [`DataFramesMeta.jl`](https://github.com/JuliaData/DataFramesMeta.jl): A range of convenience functions for DataFrames that augment `select` and `transform` to provide a user experience similar to that provided by `dplyr` in R.

>     - [`Query.jl`](https://github.com/queryverse/Query.jl): Convenience functions with a similar goal to `DataFramesMeta.jl`, but built to work with any tabular library in Julia (more on other tabular libraries below).

Reviewer 2: I think the goals are quite different from `DataFramesMeta`, in particular Query.jl is _not_ tied to tabular data, it just happens to also work well with tabular data. Not sure what a good language here would be, though...

Author: How about...:

`Query` provides a single framework for data wrangling that works with a range of libraries, including DataFrames, other tabular data libraries (more on those below), and even non-tabular data. Provides many convenience functions analogous to those in `dplyr` or `linq`.

- **And More!**
    - [`lightgraphs.jl`](https://github.com/JuliaGraphs/LightGraphs.jl): A pure-Julia, high performance network analysis library. Edgelists in DataFrames can be easily converted into Graphs using the [`GraphDataFrameBridge.jl`](https://github.com/JuliaGraphs/GraphDataFrameBridge.jl) package.
- **IO**:

>     - DataFrames work well with a range of formats, including CSVs (using [`CSV.jl`](https://github.com/JuliaData/CSV.jl)), Stata, SPSS, and SAS files (using [`StatFiles`](https://github.com/queryverse/StatFiles.jl)), and reading (though not writing) parquet files (using [`ParquetFiles`](https://github.com/queryverse/ParquetFiles.jl)).

Reviewer 2: There are probably more, e.g. see here http://www.david-anthoff.com/jl4ds/stable/fileio/.

Author: Any more you had in mind? Definitely need to add [JSON](https://github.com/JuliaData/JSONTables.jl). 

I also figure this will eventually point to an I/O section, we just don't have much of one in the docs yet...

use `statsmodels` to convert your table into a homogenously-typed matrix.

### Other Julia Tabular Libraries

DataFrames is a great general purpose tool for data manipulation and
wrangling, but it's not ideal for all applications. For users with more
specialized needs, consider using:

- [`TypedTables.jl`](https://juliadata.github.io/TypedTables.jl/stable/): Type-stable heterogeneous tables. Useful for improved performance when the structure of your table is relatively stable.
- [`JuliaDB.jl`](https://juliadata.github.io/JuliaDB.jl/stable/): For users working with data that is too large to fit in memory, we suggest JuliaDB, which offers better performance for large datasets, and can handle out-of-core data manipulations (Python users can think of JuliaDB as the Julia version of `dask`).

Note that most tabular data libraries in the Julia ecosystem (including DataFrames)
support a common interface (called `Tables.jl`). As a result, some libraries are
capable or working with a range of tabular data structures, making it easy to
move between tabular libraries as your needs change. A user of
[`Query.jl`](https://github.com/queryverse/Query.jl), for example, can use the

> same code to manipulate data in a DataFrame, a TypedTable, or a JuliaDB table.

Reviewer 2: Probably not important to mention here, but Query.jl actually doesn't depend on the interface in Tables.jl, the only integration point that is used by Query.jl is https://github.com/queryverse/IteratorInterfaceExtensions.jl :) Tables.jl makes it fairly simple to implement that, but I don't think it is automatic? Not sure, though, what the latest situation is there.

[DataFrames Tutorial using Jupyter Notebooks](https://github.com/bkamins/Julia-DataFrames-Tutorial/)
is a good complementary resource.

> ## What is DataFrames?

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
## What is DataFrames.jl?
```

DataFrames.jl provides a lightweight set of tools for working with tabular data

> in Julia. Its design and functionality are similar to those of `pandas`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
in Julia. Its design and functionality are similar to those of
[pandas](https://pandas.pydata.org/)
```

> (in Python) and `data.frames` (in R), making it a great general purpose

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
(in Python) and `data.frame` (in R), making it a great general purpose
```

data science tool, especially for those coming to Julia from R or Python.

> DataFrames plays a central role in the Julia Data ecosystem, and has

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
DataFrames.jl plays a central role in the Julia Data ecosystem, and has
```

> tight integrations with a range of different libraries. DataFrames isn't the

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
tight integrations with a range of different libraries. DataFrames.jl isn't the
```

> best tool for everyone working with tabular data --- as noted below, there are

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
only tool for working with tabular data in Julia --- as noted below, there are
```

some other great libraries for certain use-cases --- but it provides great
data wrangling functionality through a familiar interface.

## DataFrames and the Julia Data Ecosystem

The Julia data ecosystem can be a difficult space for new users to navigate,
in part because the Julia ecosystem tends to distribute functionality across
different libraries more than some other languages.
Because many people coming to DataFrames.jl are just starting to explore the
Julia data ecosystem, below is a list of well-supported libraries that
provide different data science tools, along with a few notes about
what makes each library special, and how well integrated they are with

> DataFrames.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
DataFrames.jl.
```

- **Statistical Modelling**

>     - [Statistics](https://docs.julialang.org/en/v1/stdlib/Statistics/): The Julia standard library comes with a wide range of statistics functionality, but to gain access to these functions you must first load `Statistics`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    - [Statistics](https://docs.julialang.org/en/v1/stdlib/Statistics/):
      The Julia standard library comes with a wide range of statistics functionality,
      but to gain access to these functions you must first load the `Statistics` module.
```

    - [LinearAlgebra](https://docs.julialang.org/en/v1/stdlib/LinearAlgebra/): Like `Statistics`, many linear algebra functionality (factorizations, inversions, etc.) live in a library you have to load to use. Similarly, [SparseArrays](https://docs.julialang.org/en/v1/stdlib/SparseArrays/) are also in the standard library but must be loaded to be used. 

>     - [FreqTables.jl](https://github.com/nalimilan/FreqTables.jl): Create frequency tables / cross-tabulations. Tightly integrated with DataFrames.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    - [FreqTables.jl](https://github.com/nalimilan/FreqTables.jl): Create frequency tables / cross-tabulations.
      Tightly integrated with DataFrames.jl.
```

    - [HypothesisTests.jl](https://juliastats.org/HypothesisTests.jl/stable/): A range of hypothesis testing tools.

>     - [GLM.jl](https://juliastats.org/GLM.jl/stable/manual/): Tools for estimating linear and generalized linear models. Tightly integrated with DataFrames.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    - [GLM.jl](https://juliastats.org/GLM.jl/stable/manual/): Tools for estimating linear and generalized linear models.
      Tightly integrated with DataFrames.jl.
```

>     - [StatsModels.jl](https://juliastats.org/StatsModels.jl/stable/): For converting heterogeneous DataFrames into homogenous matrices for use with linear algebra libraries or machine learning applications that don't directly support DataFrames. Will do things like convert categorical variables into indicators/one-hot-encodings, create interaction terms, etc.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    - [StatsModels.jl](https://juliastats.org/StatsModels.jl/stable/): For converting heterogeneous `DataFrame` into homogenous matrices for use with linear algebra libraries or machine learning applications that don't directly support `DataFrame`s. Will do things like convert categorical variables into indicators/one-hot-encodings, create interaction terms, etc.
```

>     - [MultivariateStats.jl](https://multivariatestatsjl.readthedocs.io/en/stable/index.html): linear regression, ridge regression, PCA, component analyses tools. Not well integrated with DataFrames, but easily used using `StatsModels`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    - [MultivariateStats.jl](https://multivariatestatsjl.readthedocs.io/en/stable/index.html): linear regression, ridge regression, PCA, component analyses tools. Not well integrated with DataFrames.jl, but easily used in combination with `StatsModels`.
```

- **Machine Learning**

>     - [MLJ.jl](https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/MLJ.jl): if you're more of an applied user, there is a single package the pulls from all these different libraries and provides a single, `scikit-learn` inspired API: `MLJ.jl`. MLJ provides a common interface for a wide range of machine learning algorithms. You can find a list of all supported models (both supervised and unsupervised), as well as an evaluation of the maturity of each library, [here](https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/MLJ.jl#available-models), and [some great tutorials here](https://alan-turing-institute.github.io/MLJTutorials/).  For *most* applied users, MLJ is probably a good place to start, especially if you like / are familiar with `scikit-learn`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    - [MLJ.jl](https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/MLJ.jl): if you are more of an applied user,
      there is a single package the pulls from all these different libraries and provides a single,
      [scikit-learn](https://scikit-learn.org/stable/) inspired API: MLJ.jl.
      MLJ.jl provides a common interface for a wide range of machine learning algorithms.
      You can find a list of all supported models (both supervised and unsupervised),
      as well as an evaluation of the maturity of each library,
      [here](https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/MLJ.jl#available-models),
      and [some great tutorials here](https://alan-turing-institute.github.io/MLJTutorials/).
      For *most* applied users, MLJ.jl is probably a good place to start,
      especially if you like / are familiar with scikit-learn.
```

>     - [ScikitLearn.jl](https://scikitlearnjl.readthedocs.io/en/latest/): A Julia wrapper around the full Python scikit-learn machine learning library. Not well integrated with DataFrames, but easily used using statsmodels.jl.

Reviewer 4: ReadTheDocs isn't used anymore AFAICT.
```suggestion
    - [ScikitLearn.jl](https://cstjean.github.io/ScikitLearn.jl/stable/): A Julia wrapper around the full Python scikit-learn machine learning library. Not well integrated with DataFrames, but can be combined using StatsModels.jl.
```

>     - [ScikitLearn.jl](https://scikitlearnjl.readthedocs.io/en/latest/): A Julia wrapper around the full Python scikit-learn machine learning library. Not well integrated with DataFrames, but easily used using statsmodels.jl.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    - [ScikitLearn.jl](https://scikitlearnjl.readthedocs.io/en/latest/): A Julia wrapper around the full Python scikit-learn machine learning library. Not well integrated with DataFrames.jl, but easily used using `StatsModels`.
```

    - Deep learning: [KNet.jl](https://denizyuret.github.io/Knet.jl/stable/tutorial/#Introduction-to-Knet-1) and [Flux.jl](https://github.com/FluxML/Flux.jl). 
- **Plotting**

>     - [`Plots.jl`](http://docs.juliaplots.org/latest/): Powerful, modern plotting library with a syntax akin to that of `matplotlib` (in Python) or `plot` (in R). [`StatsPlots`](http://docs.juliaplots.org/latest/tutorial/#Using-Plot-Recipes-1) provides `Plots.jl` with recipes for many standard statistical plots.
>     - [`Gadfly.jl`](http://gadflyjl.org/stable/): High-level plotting library with a "grammar of graphics" syntax akin to that of `ggplot` (in R).
>     - [`VegaLite.jl`](https://www.queryverse.org/VegaLite.jl/stable/): High-level plotting library that uses a different "grammar of graphics" syntax and has an emphasis on interactive graphics.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    - [Plots.jl](http://docs.juliaplots.org/latest/): Powerful, modern plotting library with a syntax akin to that of [matplotlib](https://matplotlib.org/) (in Python) or `plot` (in R).
      [`StatsPlots`](http://docs.juliaplots.org/latest/tutorial/#Using-Plot-Recipes-1) provides Plots.jl with recipes for many standard statistical plots.
    - [Gadfly.jl](http://gadflyjl.org/stable/): High-level plotting library with a "grammar of graphics" syntax akin to that of [ggplot](https://ggplot2.tidyverse.org/reference/ggplot.html) (in R).
    - [VegaLite.jl](https://www.queryverse.org/VegaLite.jl/stable/): High-level plotting library that uses a different "grammar of graphics" syntax and has an emphasis on interactive graphics.
```

> - **Data Wrangling**:

Reviewer 4: Note that DataFramesMeta and Query are already mentioned in the "Data Management Frameworks" page. Put a link to there?

>     - [`DataFramesMeta.jl`](https://github.com/JuliaData/DataFramesMeta.jl): A range of convenience functions for DataFrames that augment `select` and `transform` to provide a user experience similar to that provided by `dplyr` in R.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
    - [`DataFramesMeta.jl`](https://github.com/JuliaData/DataFramesMeta.jl): A range of convenience macros for DataFrames that augment `select` and `transform` to provide a user experience similar to that provided by `dplyr` in R.
```

>     - [`DataFramesMeta.jl`](https://github.com/JuliaData/DataFramesMeta.jl): A range of convenience functions for DataFrames that augment `select` and `transform` to provide a user experience similar to that provided by `dplyr` in R.
>     - [`Query.jl`](https://github.com/queryverse/Query.jl): `Query.jl` provides a single framework for data wrangling that works with a range of libraries, including DataFrames, other tabular data libraries (more on those below), and even non-tabular data. Provides many convenience functions analogous to those in `dplyr` or `linq`.
> - **And More!**
>     - [`LightGraphs.jl`](https://github.com/JuliaGraphs/LightGraphs.jl): A pure-Julia, high performance network analysis library. Edgelists in DataFrames can be easily converted into Graphs using the [`GraphDataFrameBridge.jl`](https://github.com/JuliaGraphs/GraphDataFrameBridge.jl) package.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    - [DataFramesMeta.jl](https://github.com/JuliaData/DataFramesMeta.jl): A range of convenience functions for DataFrames.jl that augment `select` and `transform` to provide a user experience similar to that provided by [dplyr](https://dplyr.tidyverse.org/) in R.
    - [Query.jl](https://github.com/queryverse/Query.jl): Query.jl provides a single framework for data wrangling that works with a range of libraries, including DataFrames.jl, other tabular data libraries (more on those below), and even non-tabular data. Provides many convenience functions analogous to those in dplyr in R or
      [linq](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Language_Integrated_Query).
- **And More!**
    - [LightGraphs.jl](https://github.com/JuliaGraphs/LightGraphs.jl): A pure-Julia, high performance network analysis library. Edgelists in `DataFrame`s can be easily converted into graphs using the [GraphDataFrameBridge.jl](https://github.com/JuliaGraphs/GraphDataFrameBridge.jl) package.
```

- **IO**:

>     - DataFrames work well with a range of formats, including CSVs (using [`CSV.jl`](https://github.com/JuliaData/CSV.jl)), Stata, SPSS, and SAS files (using [`StatFiles`](https://github.com/queryverse/StatFiles.jl)), and reading (though not writing) parquet files (using [`ParquetFiles`](https://github.com/queryverse/ParquetFiles.jl)).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    - DataFrames.jl work well with a range of formats, including
      CSVs (using [CSV.jl](https://github.com/JuliaData/CSV.jl)),
      Stata, SPSS, and SAS files (using [StatFiles.jl](https://github.com/queryverse/StatFiles.jl)),
      and reading (though not writing) parquet files
      (using [ParquetFiles.jl](https://github.com/queryverse/ParquetFiles.jl)).
```

> While not all of these libraries are tightly integrated with DataFrames, because

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
While not all of these libraries are tightly integrated with DataFrames.jl, because
```

> DataFrames are essentially collections of aligned Julia vectors, so it is easy

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
`DataFrame`s are essentially collections of aligned Julia vectors, so it is easy
```

> While not all of these libraries are tightly integrated with DataFrames, because
> DataFrames are essentially collections of aligned Julia vectors, so it is easy
> to (a) pull out a vector for use with a non-DataFrames-integrated library, or (b)
> use `statsmodels` to convert your table into a homogenously-typed matrix.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
While not all of these libraries are tightly integrated with DataFrames, because
DataFrames are essentially collections of aligned Julia vectors, so it is easy
to (a) pull out a vector for use with a non-DataFrames-integrated library, or (b)
convert your table into a homogenously-typed matrix using `Tables.matrix` or StatsModels.jl.
```

> use `statsmodels` to convert your table into a homogenously-typed matrix.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
use `StatsModels` to convert your table into a homogenously-typed matrix.
```

### Other Julia Tabular Libraries

> DataFrames is a great general purpose tool for data manipulation and

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
DataFrames.jl is a great general purpose tool for data manipulation and
```

wrangling, but it's not ideal for all applications. For users with more
specialized needs, consider using:

- [`TypedTables.jl`](https://juliadata.github.io/TypedTables.jl/stable/): Type-stable heterogeneous tables. Useful for improved performance when the structure of your table is relatively stable.

> - [`JuliaDB.jl`](https://juliadata.github.io/JuliaDB.jl/stable/): For users working with data that is too large to fit in memory, we suggest JuliaDB, which offers better performance for large datasets, and can handle out-of-core data manipulations (Python users can think of JuliaDB as the Julia version of `dask`).

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
- [`JuliaDB.jl`](https://juliadata.github.io/JuliaDB.jl/stable/): For users working with data that is too large to fit in memory, we suggest JuliaDB, which offers better performance for large datasets, and can handle out-of-core data manipulations (similar to `dask` in Python).
```

> - [`TypedTables.jl`](https://juliadata.github.io/TypedTables.jl/stable/): Type-stable heterogeneous tables. Useful for improved performance when the structure of your table is relatively stable.
> - [`JuliaDB.jl`](https://juliadata.github.io/JuliaDB.jl/stable/): For users working with data that is too large to fit in memory, we suggest JuliaDB, which offers better performance for large datasets, and can handle out-of-core data manipulations (Python users can think of JuliaDB as the Julia version of `dask`).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- [TypedTables.jl](https://juliadata.github.io/TypedTables.jl/stable/):
  Type-stable heterogeneous tables. Useful for improved performance when the structure of your table is relatively stable and does not feature thousands of columns.
- [JuliaDB.jl](https://juliadata.github.io/JuliaDB.jl/stable/):
  For users working with data that is too large to fit in memory, we suggest JuliaDB.jl,
  which offers better performance for large datasets, and can handle out-of-core data manipulations
  (Python users can think of JuliaDB.jl as the Julia version of [dask](https://dask.org/)).
```

> Note that most tabular data libraries in the Julia ecosystem (including DataFrames) support a common interface (called `Tables.jl`). As a result, some libraries are

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Note that most tabular data libraries in the Julia ecosystem (including DataFrames.jl)
support a common interface (defined in the Tables.jl package). As a result, some libraries are
```

capable or working with a range of tabular data structures, making it easy to
move between tabular libraries as your needs change. A user of

> [`Query.jl`](https://github.com/queryverse/Query.jl), for example, can use the

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
[Query.jl](https://github.com/queryverse/Query.jl), for example, can use the
```

> same code to manipulate data in a DataFrame, a TypedTable, or a JuliaDB table.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
same code to manipulate data in a `DataFrame`, a `TypedTable`, or a JuliaDB table.
```

    - [FreqTables.jl](https://github.com/nalimilan/FreqTables.jl): Create frequency tables / cross-tabulations.
      Tightly integrated with DataFrames.jl.
    - [HypothesisTests.jl](https://juliastats.org/HypothesisTests.jl/stable/): A range of hypothesis testing tools.
    - [GLM.jl](https://juliastats.org/GLM.jl/stable/manual/): Tools for estimating linear and generalized linear models.
      Tightly integrated with DataFrames.jl.
    - [StatsModels.jl](https://juliastats.org/StatsModels.jl/stable/): For converting heterogeneous `DataFrame` into homogenous matrices for use with linear algebra libraries or machine learning applications that don't directly support `DataFrame`s. Will do things like convert categorical variables into indicators/one-hot-encodings, create interaction terms, etc.
    - [MultivariateStats.jl](https://multivariatestatsjl.readthedocs.io/en/stable/index.html): linear regression, ridge regression, PCA, component analyses tools. Not well integrated with DataFrames.jl, but easily used in combination with `StatsModels`.
- **Machine Learning**

>     - [MLJ.jl](https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/MLJ.jl): if you're more of an applied user, there is a single package the pulls from all these different libraries and provides a single, `scikit-learn` inspired API: `MLJ.jl`. MLJ provides a common interface for a wide range of machine learning algorithms. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    - [MLJ.jl](https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/MLJ.jl):
      if you're more of an applied user, there is a single package the pulls
      from all these different libraries and provides a single, scikit-learn inspired API: MLJ.jl.
      MLJ.jl provides a common interface for a wide range of machine learning algorithms. 
```

>     - [ScikitLearn.jl](https://cstjean.github.io/ScikitLearn.jl/stable/): A Julia wrapper around the full Python scikit-learn machine learning library. Not well integrated with DataFrames, but can be combined using StatsModels.jl.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    - [ScikitLearn.jl](https://cstjean.github.io/ScikitLearn.jl/stable/):
      A Julia wrapper around the full Python scikit-learn machine learning library.
      Not well integrated with DataFrames.jl, but can be combined using StatsModels.jl.
```

    - Deep learning: [KNet.jl](https://denizyuret.github.io/Knet.jl/stable/tutorial/#Introduction-to-Knet-1) and [Flux.jl](https://github.com/FluxML/Flux.jl). 
- **Plotting**
    - [Plots.jl](http://docs.juliaplots.org/latest/): Powerful, modern plotting library with a syntax akin to that of [matplotlib](https://matplotlib.org/) (in Python) or `plot` (in R).

>       [`StatsPlots`](http://docs.juliaplots.org/latest/tutorial/#Using-Plot-Recipes-1) provides Plots.jl with recipes for many standard statistical plots.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
      [StatsPlots.jl](http://docs.juliaplots.org/latest/tutorial/#Using-Plot-Recipes-1) provides Plots.jl with recipes for many standard statistical plots.
```

      [linq](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Language_Integrated_Query).
- **And More!**
    - [LightGraphs.jl](https://github.com/JuliaGraphs/LightGraphs.jl): A pure-Julia, high performance network analysis library. Edgelists in `DataFrame`s can be easily converted into graphs using the [GraphDataFrameBridge.jl](https://github.com/JuliaGraphs/GraphDataFrameBridge.jl) package.
- **IO**:
    - DataFrames.jl work well with a range of formats, including
      CSVs (using [CSV.jl](https://github.com/JuliaData/CSV.jl)),
      Stata, SPSS, and SAS files (using [StatFiles.jl](https://github.com/queryverse/StatFiles.jl)),
      and reading (though not writing) parquet files
      (using [ParquetFiles.jl](https://github.com/queryverse/ParquetFiles.jl)).

While not all of these libraries are tightly integrated with DataFrames.jl, because
`DataFrame`s are essentially collections of aligned Julia vectors, so it is easy
to (a) pull out a vector for use with a non-DataFrames-integrated library, or (b)

> convert your table into a homogenously-typed matrix using `Tables.matrix` or StatsModels.jl.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
convert your table into a homogenously-typed matrix using a `Matrix` constructor or StatsModels.jl.
```

### Other Julia Tabular Libraries

DataFrames.jl is a great general purpose tool for data manipulation and
wrangling, but it's not ideal for all applications. For users with more
specialized needs, consider using:

- [TypedTables.jl](https://juliadata.github.io/TypedTables.jl/stable/):
  Type-stable heterogeneous tables. Useful for improved performance when the structure of your table is relatively stable and does not feature thousands of columns.
- [JuliaDB.jl](https://juliadata.github.io/JuliaDB.jl/stable/):
  For users working with data that is too large to fit in memory, we suggest JuliaDB.jl,
  which offers better performance for large datasets, and can handle out-of-core data manipulations
  (Python users can think of JuliaDB.jl as the Julia version of [dask](https://dask.org/)).

Note that most tabular data libraries in the Julia ecosystem (including DataFrames.jl)

> support a common interface (defined in the Tables.jl package). As a result, some libraries are

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
support a common interface (defined in the [Tables.jl](https://github.com/JuliaData/Tables.jl) package).
As a result, some libraries are
```

capable or working with a range of tabular data structures, making it easy to
move between tabular libraries as your needs change. A user of
[Query.jl](https://github.com/queryverse/Query.jl), for example, can use the

> same code to manipulate data in a `DataFrame`, a `TypedTable`, or a JuliaDB table.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
same code to manipulate data in a `DataFrame`, a `Table` (defined by TypedTables.jl), or a JuliaDB table.
```
